guys this November 2024 Sam Alman in a
sitdown interview with Y combinator just
revealed three unbelievable things
number one he says the open AI has the
clarity on the path to AGI number two
they know exactly what to build a number
three they're going to move fast Sam
mman is extremely measured in the
statements he shares on stage so for him
to drop something like this in a sit
down interview well I don't believe it's
marketing gimmicks I don't think it's
type I don't think it's talk in fact
others are confirming that everything
Sam said in this interview matches the
median view of open AI researchers that
are on the ground floor of everything
listen you need to pay attention and if
there is one topic you drop everything
to listen learn about dive into and
allow your mind to be challenged by
because what's involved in these topics
are brand new situations and a brand new
Horizon for Humanity then I think the
number one topic is this AGI itself and
beyond that ASI artificial super
intelligence and real quick if you're
unfamiliar with either term AGI is this
idea of artificial general intelligence
where robots can complete most tasks as
well as if not better than a human
artificial super intelligence is Light
Years beyond that we are literally going
to have to ask ASI to quantify itself
and explain itself to us it will be an
alien form of intelligence not because
it dropped out of the sky but because we
as humans organic beings will not
understand the capabilities of ASI
itself listen when I tell you that there
is no more important topic you could be
studying then AGI and the Advent of
super artificial intelligence I mean
that and I want you to look Beyond just
job automation which is the main topic
in the news the main one that most
people are afraid of I want you to look
beyond that and into a horizon that is
hard to imagine but much like the people
in the medieval days couldn't even
imagine what the internet was or coding
a web page well we're going to have to
use and tap into some pretty strong
imaginative capabilities to picture a
world of AGI and Beyond ASI so back to
today's topic did Sam Altman just
confirm AGI in less than 12 months in
2025 yeah yeah he did and I cannot
believe when I watched this interview
for myself the confidence with which he
dropped we said from the very beginning
we were going to go after AGI at a time
when in the FI you weren't allowed to
say that because that just seemed
impossibly crazy I remember a rash of
criticism for you guys at that moment we
really wanted to push on that and we
were far less resourced than Deep Mind
and others and so we said okay they're
going to try a lot of things and we've
just got to pick one and really
concentrate and that's how we can we can
win here most of the world still does
not understand the value of like a
fairly extreme level of conviction on
one bet that's why I'm so excited for
startups right now it is because the
world is still sleeping on all of this
to such an astonishing degree this
information he did not crack a smile
neither did the host they kept a cool
calm confident composure in a response
to the host who asked what are you most
excited by Sam's answer was AGI in
2025 every response and reaction from
there well the host took that like fact
because Sam delivered it like fact and I
truly believe after analyzing this
interview and knowing all that open AI
has on the line whether Sam is somebody
you like or you dislike they have too
much to lose for Sam to be dropping
Intel like that and lying about it and
this is why I will tell you over and
over in every video I publish hopefully
in informational educational and even
entertaining ways that you need to pay
attention to this AGI isn't centuries
away it's not even decades away it might
literally be less than a year away which
means our world and how we work how we
function how we live is about to change
forever that's not an overstatement in
fact what's crazy is I believe that's an
understatement about the world that's
hurling towards us something else that
Sam said in this interview is that he
believes the world is still sleeping on
this information to a major degree you
know I've seen some comments from you
watching my videos here on YouTube that
as you dive into the rabbit holes of AI
it seems that the availability of
information on this topic and what you
start to see in your feed here on
YouTube on X just begins to grow and you
realize that the information out there
on AI is abundant you've never stepped
foot into it and my goal is that there
are millions more that realize the same
thing I believe that we are afraid of
what we don't know and sometimes just
shining a light on the unknown is enough
to eliminate fear in essence fear is
nothing more than this false evidence
appearing real when I learned that
acronym about 5 years ago I sat down and
analyzed every situation I ever had fear
and Terror over and what's crazy is that
statement is true to a large extent fear
is false evidence appearing real I was
once trapped in a home life that was
horrible I thought it was the only
reality I would ever know I got out in
the middle of the night and I completely
changed my life I had $75 to my name
clothes on my back I built a brand new
life from scratch and ended up being a
CEO with a 100 people in my company
before I turned 30 so let me tell you
even the situation you find yourself in
right now that might feel like something
you are locked into something you cannot
break free from well you can everything
in this life is in your control you were
born with free will a soul and even the
means to make your dreams come true but
what we all tend to forget is that it's
up to us to take that first step into
the unknown what's the best way you
could do that by shining a light on the
unknown so you know where your feet are
going all right that's a bit of a
tangent and a rabbit hole but it is
super related to this topic so when Sam
dropped these bombs from stage on this
interview with Y combinator which was
over 45 minutes long he said that the
path to AGI is going to go a lot faster
than people even appreciate or
understand right now this is the CEO of
a platform that gained over a 100
million users in its first month of
adaption Chachi BT was literally one of
the world's fastest adapted to
Technologies ever when you put that into
cont context and then you put what Sam
Alman said on stage this November which
was that the world is sleeping on this
to a large extent it just goes to show
that we as a collective that's me that's
you listening to this video have a lot
of work to do to tell people what is on
the horizon if people are in the dark
then they really will get easily taken
over by fear which stems from the
unknown when massive job loss starts to
happen Shining a light on what is really
happening is now part of my life goal
it's why I host leaders of AI a podcast
that we believe will be one of the best
ones out there on the topic of where AI
is now and where it's going couldn't do
that without my co-host David Shapiro if
you haven't subed to that podcast
definitely do so but beyond me Beyond
Dave beyond all the other AI voices out
there we still need more I love when
some of you get so inspired after
hearing me talk about this that you hop
on Instagram you go tell your friends
you go create posts about the future and
you tell people what's possible now one
of the best things you could ever do is
just show people what chbt can do open
it up on your phone have a voice
conversation ask it to take a
transcription and write an amazing
article in seconds when people see they
believe and seeing the capabilities of
AI is the quickest way to understand
what's coming towards us now before we
go too much further into to this video I
want to share with you what Sam actually
said on stage you need to listen to
these clips let's talk about your newest
essay on uh the age of intelligence you
know is this the best time ever to be
starting a technology company let's at
least say it's the best time yet
hopefully there'll be even better times
in the future I sort of think with each
successive major technological
Revolution you've been able to do more
than you could before and I would expect
the companies to be more amazing and
impactful and everything else so yeah I
think it's the best time yet big
companies have the edge when things are
like moving slowly and not that Dynamic
and then when something like this or
mobile or the internet or semiconductor
Revolution happens or probably like back
in the days of the Industrial Revolution
that was one upstarts had their have
their Edge so yeah this is like and it's
been a while since we've had one of
these so this is like pretty exciting in
the essay you actually say a really big
thing which is ASI super intelligent
is actually thousands of days away maybe
I mean that's our hope our guess
whatever uh but that's a very wild
statement yeah um tell us about it I
mean that's that's big that is really
big I can see a path where the work we
are doing just keeps compounding and the
rate of progress we've
made over the last 3 years continuous
for the next three or six or 9 or
whatever um you know 9 years would be
like 3500 days or whatever if we can
keep this rate of improvement or even
increase it like that system will be
quite capable of doing a lot of things I
think already uh even a system like 01
is capable of doing like quite a lot of
things from just like a raw cognitive IQ
on a closed end well-defined task in a
certain area I'm like o one is like a
very smart thing and I think we're
nowhere near the limit of progress here
you go some of the most important clips
from his interview with y combinator
when Sam talks about this jump this
hypers speed between models and the
growth in capabilities that is 100% true
we went from gpt3 in 2020 to GPT 4 this
year 2024 to 01 with reasoning CLA
having computer use the capability to
look at your screen and interpret and do
tasks image generators like flux Laura
which can recreate an image of me that
looks exactly like me and put it in
almost any setting imaginable video
generation from super high quality AI
generated images on and on we have seen
hyper growth in 2024 that is
unbelievable I think one of the biggest
gaps missing and this is what my goal at
first movers is all about solving is
there's this giant gap between the
integration and the use and meeting all
the goals we have in Marketing sales
departments with the tools the AI
capabilities out there that Gap is one
of the biggest divides that has almost
ever existed in the adaption of any
technology to date the amount of people
that don't even know that Chachi BT
exists or if they do how to use it
correctly is larger than I would ever
imagine especially at a point in time
where we've had the growth of technology
for such a sustained short period of
time but a lack of the adaption of that
technology into real world scenarios
which is why that Gap exists the AI
consultancy opportunity is going to be
over $60 billion and that's the low end
some say it could 10x that I've been
talking to AI Consultants as I build out
first movers which is a high-end AI
Integrations company that's on the back
end of what we sell that's going to be
primarily how we drive the first movers
engine ship forward I believe without
Hands-On integration and understanding
how to close that Gap then I can't
really teach you help you bring that
knowledge to the general public along
with with that high-end integration
we're going to teach everything we're
integrating in a school that will be
extremely wide Market friendly it won't
be the cheapest School you ever saw but
my goal is it will be the best school
out there in the form of a membership
where we release courses every single
week we build a new bot we drop that in
the school this is what we're building
at first movers my goal is to close this
Gap that exist and maybe you can join me
be a part of it whether it's a client a
student a mentor at first movers we're
going to have all kinds of opportunities
as I build this out to close that Gap
yourself the biggest risk I see is the
one of not adapting because then we
actually get left behind and that is not
a place I want any marketer writer
Creator business owner student you name
it I don't want anyone left in that
place because this future is so
incredibly bright and adapting brings us
a world of opportunities if AGI is in
fact either already here like some say
episode three of leaders of AI with
ex-military Ops Charles Sears was all
about that topic he said AGI is already
here it just hasn't rolled out to the
public and I'll tell you that's a very
logical viable situation beyond that if
it's true that AGI is coming in 2025
like Sam Alman said well the
implications of AGI being here sooner
rather than later are huge Dave Shapiro
leading Economist and I are working on
an economic model that can be applied
directly to the new post labor Society
rather than waiting around hoping for
this thing to sprout out of the ground
out of some Nation or governance body
we're just going to go build it put it
in a book teach it create Grassroots
movements around it when you study
history the best answers have come from
Industries experts innovators I think
the worst thing we could do is sit
around and wait on government to align
with the future of a post- labor economy
the implications of AGI here sooner
rather than later are going to hit the
economy on a grand scale we're going to
see Mass labor automation we're also
going to see the creation of new jobs
come about we're going to see Society
itself impacted Education Health Care
scientific discovery New Opportunities
and Innovation and then personal
opportunity Sam Altman has this running
bet with a pool of other Founders on who
will be the first oneperson startup
valued at a billion dollars but that's
the kind of opportunity available to us
with smart automation it's pretty
incredible but the implications of AGI
here sooner rather than later are
actually hard to quantify because it
will touch so many things and most of
you watching this video are pretty smart
you know this but once AGI is here well
the journey to ASI begins and that
journey is short and when ASI is here we
will literally have autonomous self-
sustaining automated enges that could
run countries businesses districts
health systems on and on and on better
than a human could ever dream of it
could solve its own energy crisis come
up with something so much better than
our current power grid and have it built
in a day imagine living in a world where
that's possible that is a true era of
abundance but to get there we've got to
build up economic agency within
individuals we've got a deprogram that
our only worth and our inherent value
comes from our economic productiv
because that argument is completely mot
when it's automation producing
productivity and then we've got to
create decentralized systems so that we
can have AGI and Asi at scale but not
run from overly centralized small groups
where a lot of power goes and a lot of
opportunity for corruption and that is
why a lot of experts and I and my
podcast co-host da believe that
decentralization will be a vehicle to
this new era all right so that was quite
a rabbit hole Within in rabbit holes if
you watch this whole video I commend you
you are here for the future of this and
that definitely takes a strong and
courageous heart but remember what Mark
Twain said about courage it is not the
absence of fear it's the resistance too
and the Mastery over fear remember that
if you are a human you are endowed with
something no machine will ever have and
I believe that is a soul that is
something we never earned we were simply
given that at Birth and if automation
can remove all the minutia and all the
tasks that keep us away from being souls
in the universe together well I see that
as a beautiful thing and I'm excited for
what is to come and to help shape this
future we need more voices adding to
this conversation we need more knowledge
to close that gap between all the goals
work opportunity Marketing sales Etc and
all the AI capabilities tools the ways
you can train Bots llms Etc we need to
close that Gap and that's what of my
primary goals at first movers super
quick I want to drop in that I am no
longer writing or releasing upskill
which is a book I announced a couple
months ago that was going to come out at
the end of 2024 with a co-author I am no
longer associated with that book I am no
longer writing but I wanted to share
that right now my ninth book is
available for pre-order and no it's not
the one I'm writing with Dave Shapiro
although that one is in progress as well
that's called the Great decoupling and
oh my gosh I can't wait till that book
is in your hands it is a weapon of
mindset and physical preparent for
what's coming but the book right now
available for pre-order on my Amazon
profile is called fluid the adaptability
code Breaking Free from AI fear to own
your future I consider myself one of the
most adaptable humans on earth when I
was 21 years old I left a cult I was
born into in the middle of the night to
start a brand new life across the next
10 years I became a partner of parent
and the creator of several businesses
one of which was a 100 person human
writing agency that sold in 2021 yes
right before chat GPT came out in 2022 I
saw the writing on the wall with GPT I
got out I adapted yet again I've been
studying the science of human
adaptability authors like Peter
diamandes his book abundance have made a
great impression on me and I think even
more relevant and important than
physical tips on how to upskill in your
industry is the overall importance of
adaptability how do you see Ai and your
future do you have the right adaption
mindset this book will be full of case
studies my own personal story of
adaption how I've done it several times
over and how you can be not just an
early adapter but a first mover which
also coincides perfectly with the
mission of my AI company first ms. a I
can't wait to share this book with you
right now it is available for pre-order
so you can go check it out on Amazon
fluid the adaptability code by Julia
McCoy you can learn more about what
we're building as we build it out at
first ms. and as always hit subscribe
here on YouTube at Julie McCoy and I
look forward to seeing you down the next
rabbit hole